You are given an integer array nums. In one move, you can pick an index i where 0 <= i < nums.length and increment nums[i] by 1.

Return the minimum number of moves to make every value in nums unique.

The test cases are generated so that the answer fits in a 32-bit integer.

 

Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,2,2]
Output: 1
Explanation: After 1 move, the array could be [1, 2, 3].
Example 2:

Input: nums = [3,2,1,2,1,7]
Output: 6
Explanation: After 6 moves, the array could be [3, 4, 1, 2, 5, 7].
It can be shown with 5 or less moves that it is impossible for the array to have all unique values.
 

Constraints:

1 <= nums.length <= 105
0 <= nums[i] <= 105

Intuition
The algorithm begins by counting the elements to handle each element in ascending order. For each element , we need to add distance between current and nearest greater element which appeard zero (0) times. Increment the count of nearest greater element by 1.

Approach
Counting Occurrences: First, you iterate over the input array nums and count the occurrences of each element using an array ct. This gives you a count of how many times each number appears in the array.

Finding Target: Then, you find the smallest available number p2 that doesn't exist in the original array. This will be the number you use to increment duplicates to make them unique.

Incrementing Duplicates: Next, you iterate over the array again. For each element i, if there are duplicates (ct[i] > 1), you find the smallest available number p2 and increment i until it becomes p2. The number of increments needed is p2 - i. Then, you update the counts in the ct array accordingly.

Returning Answer: Finally, return the total number of increments made.

