Given the root of a binary tree, each node in the tree has a distinct value.
After deleting all nodes with a value in to_delete, we are left with a forest (a disjoint union of trees).
Return the roots of the trees in the remaining forest. You may return the result in any order.
 

Example 1:

Input: root = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7], to_delete = [3,5]
Output: [[1,2,null,4],[6],[7]]


Example 2:

Input: root = [1,2,4,null,3], to_delete = [3]
Output: [[1,2,4]]
 

Constraints:

The number of nodes in the given tree is at most 1000.
Each node has a distinct value between 1 and 1000.
to_delete.length <= 1000
to_delete contains distinct values between 1 and 1000.



Approach

We can perform a Depth-First Search on the tree while also using a Hashset to optimize looking up node values in to_delete.
Recursively perform a Postorder Traversal on root. flag indicates whether the current node is a root of a tree in the forest. In each call we set flag to be true if the previous node was to be deleted (making the current node a root if it's not to be deleted).
After the recursive calls, if the current node is not in to_delete, but flag is true, then this is the root of one of the new trees and can be added to res. Moreover, if the current node needs to be deleted, set its value to null.
Before starting the DFS, add all the elements of to_delete to a Hashset to improve the lookup time for node values. Furthermore, we initially have flag = true for the first call to indicate that the root is a potential root of a tree in the forest.
